Update README.md (#296)
skydoves/Balloon: README.md

```

### Avoid Memory leak

> Dialog, PopupWindow and etc, canhave memory leak issue if not dismissed before the activity or fragment are destroyed.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dialog, PopupWindow and etc, can have memory leak issues if not dismissed before the activity or fragment is destroyed.<br>
```

| <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24237865/74601168-6115c580-50de-11ea-817b-a334f33b6f96.gif" align="center" width="100%"/> | <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24237865/74601171-6410b600-50de-11ea-9ba0-5634e11f148a.gif" align="center" width="100%"/> | <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24237865/74601170-63781f80-50de-11ea-8db4-93f1dd1291fc.gif" align="center" width="100%"/> | <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24237865/74607359-b6bc9300-511b-11ea-978b-23bcc4399dce.gif" align="center" width="100%"/> |

### BalloonHighlightAnimation

> We can give a repeated dynamic animations to the Balloon while it's showing up. The animation would work differently by the position of the arrow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can give repeated dynamic animations to the Balloon while it's showing up. The animation would work differently by the position of the arrow.
```

.setBalloonHighlightAnimation(BalloonHighlightAnimation.SHAKE)
```

> We can implement  rotate animation like the example below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can implement rotate animation like the example below:
```
